# 7 April 2020

## What I Learned Today

### Online Journal

I haven't written in this journal for Digital Literature in a while, mainly because it's hard to keep up with it when I'm not actually in class to take notes. 

I'm, like, very behind in all of my classes, or I'm just barely keeping up. I turned in a draft essay today for my Eighteen Century Literary Disability Studies course and it was awful. I didn't put any effort into it. I should probably send Dr Paku some flowers or something to apologize for making her suffer through reading it.

I've been writing for fun a lot lately, so that's also been distracting me. I started keeping a seperate writing journal to jot down ideas and take notes on random things.

This whole coronavirus thing has been really weird. My sister works at a nursing home where a couple of old people got the virus and died (RIP), and then my sister got a fever, so she was tested for the virus, but she didn't have it. And then my dad works at the Attica prison, and that place is basically just a giant pool of germs. Some guy he works with got sent home because he has the virus, so it's very possible that I'll be contracting it at some point in the near future. I just assume it's bound to happen, so I've been preparing myself. My mom and brother also work in a nursing home, but their work place hasn't had any confirmed cases yet, thankfully.

But, yeah... all the people that I live with are still going to work because they have to, which stinks for me, because not only am I home alone all the time, but I also am at risk of contracting the virus. I've thought about just isolating myself in my room, but that wouldn't be very fun and I would probably go crazy.

Anyway, that's an update on my life. I just finished my practice timeline for this course, and I thought it was actually really fun to do. I like doing creative things, so making it was cool - but kind of hard because it had to be done in a google slide. I don't know, that's all I have to say. Goodbye.